Don't install the usage reporting plugin by default in subgraphs (#7184)
apollographql/apollo-server: .changeset/rude-steaks-smell.md

---
'@apollo/server': minor
---

> Don't automatically install the usage reporting plugin in servers that appear to be hosted a federated subgraph (based on the existence of a field `_Service.sdl: String`). This is generally a misconfiguration. If an API key and graph ref is provided to a subgraph, log a warning and do not enable the usage reporting plugin. If the usage reporting plugin is explicitly installed in a subgraph, log a warning but keep it enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't automatically install the usage reporting plugin in servers that appear to be hosting a federated subgraph (based on the existence of a field `_Service.sdl: String`). This is generally a misconfiguration. If an API key and graph ref are provided to the subgraph, log a warning and do not enable the usage reporting plugin. If the usage reporting plugin is explicitly installed in a subgraph, log a warning but keep it enabled.
```
